feat: update docs/README with `required_permissions` variable description (#1006)
devopness/devopness: docs/README.md

[1] For expected format, see section [Permissions](#permissions)

## Permissions

see [PERMISSIONS.md](./PERMISSIONS.md) for the List of Role permissions, use this documentation when adding `required_permissions` field on frontmatter

### How to update permissions file?

#### Generate `staticPermissions.json`

Copy the API response from request `GET /static/permissions` to `staticPermission.json`

You can make the request manually or use the command below, replacing `$DEVOPNESS_{EMAIL, PASSWORD}` using your Devopness account email and password

```bash
curl --request POST \
  --silent \
  --url https://api.devopness.com/users/login \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
        "email": "'$DEVOPNESS_EMAIL'",
        "password": "'$DEVOPNESS_PASSWORD'"
}' \
| jq -r .access_token \
| xargs -I {} \
curl --request GET \
  --silent \
  --url https://api.devopness.com/static/permissions \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer {}" \
  --output staticPermissions.json
```

This command:

1. Authenticates to Devopness API (`POST /users/login`)

> 1. Extract `access_token` from response
> 1. Using `<access_token>`, requests static permissions (`GET /static/permissions`)
> 1. Save response to file `staticPermissions.json`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Extracts `access_token` from response
1. Using `<access_token>`, requests static permissions (`GET /static/permissions`)
1. Saves response to file `staticPermissions.json`
```

#### Run [`generate_permissions_docs.cjs`](./generate_permissions_docs.cjs)

```bash

> node generate_permissions_docs.cjs ./staticPermissions.json > PERMISSIONS.md 2>/dev/null

Author: ```suggestion
node generate_permissions_docs.cjs ./staticPermissions.json > PERMISSIONS.md
```
